Add prerequisite for building from the source (#10)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-sql: README.md

For example demonstrations of the usage, go to [Ballerina By Examples](https://ballerina.io/swan-lake/learn/by-example/mysql-init-options.html).

> ## Building from the Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building from the Source
```
We need to add a page TOC here.

Author: There is only 4 major headings,
Build from the source
Contributing to Ballerina
Code of Conduct
Useful Links

Is Table of Content necessary?

Reviewer: Better to have one. However, if it is difficult to update now, that is fine.

Author: Ack. I'll add it in later PR

> ### Setting up the prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting Up the Prerequisites
```

> 1. Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 8 (from one of the following locations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 8 (from one of the following locations)
```

   * [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javase-jdk8-downloads.html)
   
   * [OpenJDK](http://openjdk.java.net/install/index.html)
   

>         > Note: Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.
```

> 2. Docker (The MySQL library is tested with a docker based integration test framework. The test framework initializes the docker container before executing the test suite)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download and install Docker as follows. (The MySQL library is tested with a docker-based integration test framework. The test framework initializes the docker container before executing the test suite).
```

   
   * Installing docker on Linux,
   

>         > Note: These commands retrieve content from get.docker.com web in a quiet output-document mode and install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > **Note:** These commands retrieve content from the `get.docker.com` website in a quiet output-document mode and installs it.
```

>           wget -qO- https://get.docker.com/ | sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          ```wget -qO- https://get.docker.com/ | sh
          ```
```

>    * On installing docker on Mac, see <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/">Get started with Docker for Mac</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * For instructions on installing Docker on Mac, go to <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/">Get Started with Docker for Mac</a>
```

>    * On installing docker on Windows, see <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/">Get started with Docker for Windows</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * For information on installing Docker on Windows, goo to <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/">Get Started with Docker for Windows</a>
```

For example demonstrations of the usage, go to [Ballerina By Examples](https://ballerina.io/swan-lake/learn/by-example/mysql-init-options.html).

## Building from the Source

### Setting Up the Prerequisites

1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 8 (from one of the following locations)

   * [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javase-jdk8-downloads.html)
   
   * [OpenJDK](http://openjdk.java.net/install/index.html)
   
        > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.
     
2. Download and install Docker as follows. (The SQL library is tested with a docker-based integration test framework. The test framework initializes the docker container before executing the test suite).
   
   * Installing Docker on Linux
   
        > **Note:** These commands retrieve content from the `get.docker.com` website in a quiet output-document mode and installs it.
   

>           ```wget -qO- https://get.docker.com/ | sh

Author: Fixed in 6e79d44
